<!-- TODO every release -->

# v0.0.7

#### Features

- You can write `templagen.json` with ease and get suggestions when opening it in vscode.
- Add validation to `templagen.dirTemplates` when writing jsonTemplate in vscode settings.json.

# v0.0.6

#### Features

- Group FolderTemplates into folders
  - For example create `Flutter` Folder and inside it create `bloc` template and `cubit` template and so on.
- Use `name` property to overwrite FolderTemplate name to define the name as you want and use special charachters.
- Use `dirs` in `templagen.json` note that
  1- Folders is the refrence.
  2- Any folder not in dirs will be added automatically when create the template.
  3- Any path defined in `dirs` but not in folder you will be asked whether to create its directory or remove paths from `dirs` in `templagen.json`.
  4- You should make `folderTemplateAutoGenerateDirs` true from vscode settings.

#### New in settings

- `folderTemplateAutoGenerateDirs`
  - Auto generate dirs in templagen.json useful in case your want to save your folder templates on Github.
- `listShowTemplateNameAsPath`
  - When activated it will group templates instead of being separated in list.
- `listNameSeparatedBy`
  - When `listShowTemplateNameAsPath` is set to true the text used to represent nested paths.
- `listShowTemplatesGrouped`
  - When `templagen.json` name not exist show template name as the path it exist in.

# v0.0.5

#### Features

- Change `nameToReplcae` to `nameToReplace`

# v0.0.4

#### Features

- `[foldersFilesNamesReplacer]`: Define keys in folders and files to be replaced with subDir name or with a name you choose.
  - Available for both `JsonTemplate` and `FolderTemplate`.
- `[filesContentReplacer]`: Define keys inside file content to be replaced with subDir name or with a name you choose.
  - Only available for `FolderTemplate`.

```
  "foldersFilesNamesReplacer": [
    {
      "case": "snakeCase",
      "nameToReplcae": "key",
      "useSubDirName": true
    }
  ],
  "filesContentReplacer": [
    {
      "case": "snakeCase",
      "nameToReplcae": "<{key_sc}>",
      "useSubDirName": true
    },
    {
      "case": "pascalCase",
      "nameToReplcae": "<{key}>",
      "useSubDirName": true
    }
  ]

```

# v0.0.3

#### Features

- Define path to generate templates from Local folder.

# v0.0.2

- `[BUG FIX]` Not working in production.
  - `extension.template-maker not found`

# v0.0.1

- Initial Version of the Extension.

Configure once create everywhere.
